Add :math: around math (#12953)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/addendum/micromega.rst

   Let :math:`p` be an integer and :math:`c` a rational constant. Then
   :math:`p \ge c \rightarrow p \ge \lceil{c}\rceil`.

> For instance, from :math:`2 x = 1` we can deduce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, from :math:`2x = 1` we can deduce
```

Isn't it more conventional without a space?

FWIW, I notice that later in the chapter there is this expression.  Seems to me it would be simpler to omit the multiplication symbols as in conventional in high school algebra--unless there's real reason to have them.  If there's a reason to have them in this expresion, should the multiply symbol only appear in the expression you changed?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1253341/91668643-14666a80-eac3-11ea-845a-282bbf9074e5.png)

Author: If `: math:` is like LaTeX, then it doesn't matter how many spaces there are.  Can you check if spaces matter?

And, yes, omitting the multiplication signs seems good, but I'm not at a computer right now (would you make that change?)

Reviewer: > If `: math:` is like LaTeX, then it doesn't matter how many spaces there are.  Can you check if spaces matter?

You're right, it renders like this:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1253341/91670707-cc504380-ead4-11ea-96a5-7195dec443d7.png)

If you want to add the second fix in this PR, please do so.  Or I can merge as-is.

Author: Please merge as-is

Reviewer: @coqbot: merge now
